feat: Prevent Parse Server start in case of unknown option in server configuration (#8987)
parse-community/parse-server: CONTRIBUTING.md

    For example, take a look at the existing Parse Server `security` parameter. It is a parameter group, because it has multiple sub-parameter such as `checkGroups`. Its interface is defined in [index.js][config-index] as `export interface SecurityOptions`. Therefore, the value to add to `nestedOptionTypes` would be `SecurityOptions`, the value to add to `nestedOptionEnvPrefix` would be `PARSE_SERVER_SECURITY_`.

3. Execute `npm run definitions` to automatically create the definitions in [/src/Options/Definitions.js][config-def] and [/src/Options/docs.js][config-docs].

> 4. Add appropriate validation in [/src/Config.js](https://github.com/parse-community/parse-server/blob/master/src/Config.js). For reference checkout other validation methods in same file.
>    - For key name validation you must use `validateConfigKeyNames` method. 
>    - Perform appropriate parameter value validation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Add parameter validation in [/src/Config.js](https://github.com/parse-community/parse-server/blob/master/src/Config.js):
   - Validate parameter name by using `validateConfigKeyNames`.
   - Validate parameter value by checking the value type and the value itself (e.g. min, max bounds for numeric types, regex parsing for string types, or object parsing for object types).
   For reference see existing parameter validations.
```
